README.md, before:

===============================
Glog-CLI
===============================

* Free software: Apache Software License 2.0

Glog-CLI is an open source command line interface for Graylog2.

Instalation
--------
Try:

	pip install glogcli

or:

	easy_install glogcli

or you can even install it from a GitHub clone:

	git clone https://github.com/globocom/glog-cli
	cd glog-cli/
	pip install . -r requirements.txt

Usage
--------
Once you've installed glogcli, it's time to run some commands, try one of the following:

> glogcli -h mygraylog.server.com -u john.doe -p password -@ "10 minutes ago" "source:my-app-server"

-

> glogcli -h mygraylog.server.com -u john.doe -p password "message:200"

-

> glogcli -h mygraylog.server.com -u john.doe -p password -f

-

> glogcli -h mygraylog.server.com -u john.doe -p password "level:DEBUG"

-

> glogcli -h mygraylog.server.com -u john.doe -p password "level:DEBUG" -f

-

> glogcli -h mygraylog.server.com -u john.doe -p password "level:DEBUG" -d --fields timestamp,level,message -o dump.csv

-

> glogcli -h mygraylog.server.com -u john-doe -p password -@ "2016-11-21 00:00:00" -# "2016-11-21 01:00:00" 'message:blabla'

-

> glogcli -e dev -r short

-

> glogcli -e dev -r short -st mystreamid

-

> glogcli -e dev -r short -st '*'



Configuration
--------

Glog-CLI can reuse some common configurations like address of your Graylog server and your credentials, it will look for a
*~/.glogcli.cfg* or a *glogcli.cfg* (in your current directory). Glog-CLI will use default environment and format 
whenever an environment or format is omitted.

Here is a template for your glogcli.cfg file:

    [environment:default]
    host=mygraylogserver.com
    port=80
    username=john.doe
    default_stream=57e14cde6fb78216a60d35e7

    [environment:dev]
    host=mygraylogserver.dev.com
    port=80
    tls=true
    proxy=mycompanyproxy.com
    username=john.doe
    default_stream=57e14cde6fb78216a60d35e8

    [format:default]
    format={host} {level} {facility} {timestamp} {message}
    
    [format:short]
    format=[{timestamp}] {level} {message}
    
    [format:long]
    format=time: [{timestamp}] level: {level} msg: {message} tags: {tags}
    color=false

Please run the *help* command to more detailed information about all the client features.
	
	glogcli --help

    Usage: glogcli [OPTIONS] [QUERY]

	Options:
	  -h, --host TEXT                 Your graylog node's host
	  -e, --environment TEXT          Label of a preconfigured graylog node
	  -sq, --saved-query              List user saved queries for selection
	  --port INTEGER                  Your graylog port (default: 80)
	  --tls                           Uses TLS
	  -u, --username TEXT             Your graylog username
	  -p, --password TEXT             Your graylog password (default: prompt)
	  -k, --keyring / -nk, --no-keyring
	                                  Use keyring to store/retrieve password
	  -@, --search-from TEXT          Query range from
	  -#, --search-to TEXT            Query range to (default: now)
	  --tail                          Show the last n lines for the query
	                                  (default)
	  -d, --dump                      Print the query result as a csv
	  --fields TEXT                   Comma separated fields to be printed in the
	                                  csv.
	  -o, --output TEXT               Output logs to file (only tail/dump mode)
	  -f, --follow                    Poll the logging server for new logs
	                                  matching the query (sets search from to now,
	                                  limit to None)
	  -n, --limit INTEGER             Limit the number of results (default: 100)
	  -a, --latency INTEGER           Latency of polling queries (default: 2)
	  -st, --stream TEXT              Stream ID of the stream to query (default:
	                                  no stream filter)
	  -s, --sort TEXT                 Field used for sorting (default: timestamp)
	  --asc / --desc                  Sort ascending / descending
	  --proxy TEXT                    Proxy to use for the http/s request
	  -r, --format-template TEXT      Message format template for the log
	                                  (default: default format
	  --no-color                      Don't show colored logs
	  --help                          Show this message and exit.

Commit message:

Adding Graylog documentation about search query language to the README.md

README.md, after:

===============================
Glog-CLI
===============================

* Free software: Apache Software License 2.0

Glog-CLI is an open source command line interface for Graylog2.

Instalation
--------
Try:

	pip install glogcli

or:

	easy_install glogcli

or you can even install it from a GitHub clone:

	git clone https://github.com/globocom/glog-cli
	cd glog-cli/
	pip install . -r requirements.txt

Usage
--------
Glog-CLI enables you to make searche using the official Graylog search query language, to understand how to make queries 
please see the documentation [http://docs.graylog.org/en/2.1/pages/queries.html].

Once you've installed the tool now it's time to run some commands, the following:

> glogcli -h mygraylog.server.com -u john.doe -p password -@ "10 minutes ago" "source:my-app-server"

-

> glogcli -h mygraylog.server.com -u john.doe -p password "message:200"

-

> glogcli -h mygraylog.server.com -u john.doe -p password -f

-

> glogcli -h mygraylog.server.com -u john.doe -p password "level:DEBUG"

-

> glogcli -h mygraylog.server.com -u john.doe -p password "level:DEBUG" -f

-

> glogcli -h mygraylog.server.com -u john.doe -p password "level:DEBUG" -d --fields timestamp,level,message -o dump.csv

-

> glogcli -h mygraylog.server.com -u john-doe -p password -@ "2016-11-21 00:00:00" -# "2016-11-21 01:00:00" 'message:blabla'

-

> glogcli -e dev -r short

-

> glogcli -e dev -r short -st mystreamid

-

> glogcli -e dev -r short -st '*'



Configuration
--------

Glog-CLI can reuse some common configurations like address of your Graylog server and your credentials, it will look for a
*~/.glogcli.cfg* or a *glogcli.cfg* (in your current directory). Glog-CLI will use default environment and format 
whenever an environment or format is omitted.

Here is a template for your glogcli.cfg file:

    [environment:default]
    host=mygraylogserver.com
    port=80
    username=john.doe
    default_stream=57e14cde6fb78216a60d35e7

    [environment:dev]
    host=mygraylogserver.dev.com
    port=80
    tls=true
    proxy=mycompanyproxy.com
    username=john.doe
    default_stream=57e14cde6fb78216a60d35e8

    [format:default]
    format={host} {level} {facility} {timestamp} {message}
    
    [format:short]
    format=[{timestamp}] {level} {message}
    
    [format:long]
    format=time: [{timestamp}] level: {level} msg: {message} tags: {tags}
    color=false

Please run the *help* command to more detailed information about all the client features.
	
	glogcli --help

    Usage: glogcli [OPTIONS] [QUERY]

	Options:
	  -h, --host TEXT                 Your graylog node's host
	  -e, --environment TEXT          Label of a preconfigured graylog node
	  -sq, --saved-query              List user saved queries for selection
	  --port INTEGER                  Your graylog port (default: 80)
	  --tls                           Uses TLS
	  -u, --username TEXT             Your graylog username
	  -p, --password TEXT             Your graylog password (default: prompt)
	  -k, --keyring / -nk, --no-keyring
	                                  Use keyring to store/retrieve password
	  -@, --search-from TEXT          Query range from
	  -#, --search-to TEXT            Query range to (default: now)
	  --tail                          Show the last n lines for the query
	                                  (default)
	  -d, --dump                      Print the query result as a csv
	  --fields TEXT                   Comma separated fields to be printed in the
	                                  csv.
	  -o, --output TEXT               Output logs to file (only tail/dump mode)
	  -f, --follow                    Poll the logging server for new logs
	                                  matching the query (sets search from to now,
	                                  limit to None)
	  -n, --limit INTEGER             Limit the number of results (default: 100)
	  -a, --latency INTEGER           Latency of polling queries (default: 2)
	  -st, --stream TEXT              Stream ID of the stream to query (default:
	                                  no stream filter)
	  -s, --sort TEXT                 Field used for sorting (default: timestamp)
	  --asc / --desc                  Sort ascending / descending
	  --proxy TEXT                    Proxy to use for the http/s request
	  -r, --format-template TEXT      Message format template for the log
	                                  (default: default format
	  --no-color                      Don't show colored logs
	  --help                          Show this message and exit.
